Create minikube tests for optaplanner-operator (#2504)
kiegroup/optaplanner: optaplanner-operator/README.adoc

There is an example you can use by running either `kubectl apply -f src/k8s/school-timetabling-solver.yml -n <namespace>` (Minikube) or `oc apply -f src/k8s/school-timetabling-solver.yml` (OpenShift).

To check the created resource, run `kubectl get solver -n <namespace>` (Minikube) or `oc get solver` (OpenShift).

== Integration tests

This tests are aimed to check how operator behaves on cloud without mocking

=== Testing on minikube

To run the operator-e2e tests on kubernetes start minikube first

`minikube start`

==== Run tests on minikube by maven

To run all operator-e2e with the environment setup run

> `mvn clean -pl :optaplanner-operator-integration-test -am verify -Poperator-e2e`

Author: When I create an image it builds it one more time but if we want to run tests of school timetabling earlier then other env steps it make sense to build it before, thanks!

There is an example you can use by running either `kubectl apply -f src/k8s/school-timetabling-solver.yml -n <namespace>` (Minikube) or `oc apply -f src/k8s/school-timetabling-solver.yml` (OpenShift).

To check the created resource, run `kubectl get solver -n <namespace>` (Minikube) or `oc get solver` (OpenShift).

== Integration tests

> This test aimed to check how operator behaves on cloud without mocking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests check the operator deployed to Minikube.
```

It downloads the latest version of quickstarts, runs demo.sh setup and launches tests.

> After all tests get executed it launches demo.sh delete

Reviewer: It's not `demo.sh`, I think.

Author: a60c0a97

=== Testing on minikube

To run the operator-e2e tests on kubernetes start minikube

`minikube start`

==== Run tests on minikube by maven

To run all operator-e2e with the environment setup run

`mvn clean -pl :optaplanner-operator-integration-test -am verify -Poperator-e2e`

==== Running tests on minikube by runOnKubernetes.sh

`./runOnKubernetes.sh` setups operators

. activemq-artemis-operator
. keda
. optaplanner-operator

and minikube images

. optaplanner-operator
. school-timetabling

> After environment is ready you can run test separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the environment is ready you can run tests.
```
